 
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow's milk was fine for human consumption and why did they do it in the first place!

Last Friday in three week's time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.

Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he's happy about it?

If Purple People Eaters are real where do they find purple people to eat?

A song can make or ruin a person's day if they let it get to them.

Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you're in a better frame of mind.

Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.

Where do random thoughts come from?

Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.

I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn I just got older.

If I don't like something, I'll stay away from it.

I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.

If you like tuna and tomato sauce try combining the two. It's really not as bad as it sounds.

Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup and buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn't and they don't recommend anyone else do it either.

Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn't so bad after all.

When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.

The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.

I want to buy a onesie, but know it won't suit me.

I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today I couldn't be any different to what my nickname was.

I currently have 4 windows open up and I don't know why.

I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.

This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop midsent

In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since.

"Whenever you feel like criticizing any one," he told me, "just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had."

He didn't say any more but we've always been unusually communicative in a reserved way, and I understood that he meant a great deal more than that.

In consequence I'm inclined to reserve all judgments, a habit that has opened up many curious natures to me and also made me the victim of not a few veteran bores. The abnormal mind is quick to detect and attach itself to this quality when it appears in a normal person, and so it came about that in college I was unjustly accused of being a politician, because I was privy to the secret griefs of wild, unknown men.

Most of the confidences were unsought frequently I have feigned sleep, preoccupation, or a hostile levity when I realized by some unmistakable sign that an intimate revelation was quivering on the horizon for the intimate revelations of young men or at least the terms in which they express them are usually plagiaristic and marred by obvious suppressions. Reserving judgments is a matter of infinite hope. I am still a little afraid of missing something if I forget that, as my father snobbishly suggested, and I snobbishly repeat a sense of the fundamental decencies is parcelled out unequally at birth.

And, after boasting this way of my tolerance, I come to the admission that it has a limit. 

Conduct may be founded on the hard rock or the wet marshes but after a certain point I don't care what it's founded on.

When I came back from the East last autumn I felt that I wanted the world to be in uniform and at a sort of moral attention forever; I wanted no more riotous excursions with privileged glimpses into the human heart. 

Only Gatsby, the man who gives his name to this book, was exempt from my reaction.

Gatsby who represented everything for which I have an unaffected scorn. If personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures, then there was something gorgeous about him, some heightened sensitivity to the promises of life, as if he were related to one of those intricate machines that register earthquakes ten thousand miles away. 

This responsiveness had nothing to do with that flabby impressionability which is dignified under the name of the "creative temperament" it was an extraordinary gift for hope, a romantic readiness such as I have never found in any other person and which it is not likely I shall ever find again. No Gatsby turned out all right at the end. 

My family have been prominent, well-to-do people in this middle-western city for three generations. 

The actual founder of my line was my grandfather's brother who came here in 51, sent a substitute to the Civil War and started the wholesale hardware business that my father carries on today.

I graduated from New Haven in 1915, just a quarter of a century after my father, and a little later I participated in that delayed Teutonic migration known as the Great War. 

I enjoyed the the warm center of the world the middle-west now seemed like the ragged edge of the universe!

Everybody I knew was in the bond business so I supposed it could support one more single man. All my aunts and uncles talked it over as if they were choosing a prep school for me and finally said,

Father agreed to finance me for a year and after various delays I came east, permanently, I thought, in the spring of twenty-two.

The boy with fair hair lowered himself down the last few feet of rock and began to pick his way toward the lagoon.

Though he had taken off his school sweater and trailed it now from one hand, his grey shirt stuck to him and his hair was plastered to his forehead.

All round him the long scar smashed into the jungle was a bath of heat.

He was clambering heavily among the creepers and broken trunks when a bird, a vision of red and yellow, flashed upwards with a witch-like cry; and this cry was echoed by another.

"Hi!" it said. Wait a minute!

The undergrowth at the side of the scar was shaken and a multitude of raindrops fell pattering.

"Wait a minute," the voice said. I got caught up.

The fair boy stopped and jerked his stockings with an automatic gesture that made the jungle seem for a moment like the Home Counties.

The voice spoke again.

I can't hardly move with all these creeper things.

The owner of the voice came backing out of the undergrowth so that twigs scratched on a greasy wind-breaker. 

The naked crooks of his knees were plump, caught and scratched by thorns. 

He bent down, removed the thorns carefully, and turned around. He was shorter than the fair boy and very fat.

He came forward, searching out safe lodgments for his feet, and then looked up through thick spectacles.

Where's the man with the megaphone?

The fair boy shook his head.

This is an island. At least I think it's an island. That's a reef out in the sea. 

Perhaps there aren't any grownups anywhere.

The boy looked startled.

There was that pilot. But he wasn't in the passenger cabin, he was up in front.

The fair boy was peering at the reef through screwed-up eyes.

All them other kids, the boy went on. Some of them must have got out. They must have, mustn't they?

The fair boy began to pick his way as casually as possible toward the water.

He tried to be offhand and not too obviously uninterested, but the boy hurried after him.

Aren't there any grownups at all?

I don't think so.

The fair boy said this solemnly; but then the delight of a realized ambition overcame him.

In the middle of the scar he stood on his head and grinned at the reversed boy.

No grownups!

That pilot.

The fair boy allowed his feet to come down and sat on the steamy earth.

He must have flown off after he dropped us. He couldn't land here. Not in a place with wheels.

We were attacked!

He'll be back all right.

When we were coming down I looked through one of them windows. I saw the other part of the plane.

The fair boy reached out and touched the jagged end of a trunk. For a moment he looked interested.

That's right. Can't catch my breath. I was the only boy in our school what had asthma.

Ralph disentangled himself cautiously and stole away through the branches.

My mother drove me to the airport with the windows rolled down. It was seventy-five degrees in Phoenix, the sky a perfect, cloudless blue. I was wearing my favorite shirt.

In the Olympic Peninsula of northwest Washington State, a small town named Forks exists under a near-constant cover of clouds. It rains on this inconsequential town more than any other place in the United States of America. 

It was from this town and its gloomy, omnipresent shade that my mother escaped with me when I was only a few months old. It was in this town that I'd been compelled to spend a month every summer until I was fourteen. 

That was the year I finally put my foot down these past three summers, my dad, Charlie, vacationed with me in California for two weeks instead.

It was to Forks that I now exiled myself an action that I took with great horror. I detested Forks.

I loved Phoenix. I loved the sun and the blistering heat. I loved the vigorous, sprawling city.

My mom looks like me, except with short hair and laugh lines. I felt a spasm of panic as I stared at her wide, childlike eyes. How could I leave my loving, erratic, harebrained mother to fend for herself? 

Of course she had Phil now, so the bills would probably get paid, there would be food in the refrigerator, gas in her car, and someone to call when she got lost, but still.

I lied. I'd always been a bad liar, but I'd been saying this lie so frequently lately that it sounded almost convincing now.

Tell Charlie I said hi.

I will.

She hugged me tightly for a minute, and then I got on the plane, and she was gone.

It's a four-hour flight from Phoenix to Seattle, another hour in a small plane up to Port Angeles, and then an hour drive back down to Forks. Flying doesn’t bother me; the hour in the car with Charlie, though, I was a little worried about. 